you
ha
so I was a bit nervous for you I
realized I'm not yeah a Terran that we
should see but this morning yes I'm okay
it's like that it will stay like that
same for everyone together I was a bit
back and it's the morning shred that
like three which quite a cigar voice
back on the second place Frank and Ivy
afternoon I gave everything I had I even
warns or a stage stage 7 which is pretty
good and I finish fraud against the four
seconds back on Cecil which is huge for
me and it's simply means that I I can go
for it and I can try on extra gene Lynch
yeah it was super cool day for me
because I read good speed I'm pretty
happy to be back after my injury I
stayed the whole winter with my hand
broken and now I have really good
feeling on my bike I have good speed and
I just that big crush on the stage sweet
takes the safe line but I are really
good speed so I really am truly happy
it's one more step and first top 20 and
I hope to be better for the next one I'm
very happy here is chill up on track
what's up man ok today it's good day
because I'm past but I'm loose on the
track i crush under 3 but I stay under
bite from the other track
you